docs: Create initial biolatency guide (#394)
kinvolk/inspektor-gadget: docs/guides/biolatency.md

the gadget is stopped. Notice that the latency of the disk I/O is measured
from the issue to the device to its completion, so it does not include
time queued in the kernel. It means that the histogram reflects only the
performance of the device and not the latency suffered by an application.

The histogram shows the number of I/O's (`count` column) that lie in the
latency range `interval-start` -> `interval-end` (`usecs` column), which, as
the columns name indicates, is given in microseconds.

For this guide, we will use
[the `stress` tool](https://linux.die.net/man/1/stress) that allows us to load
and stress the system in many different ways. In particular, we will exploit
the `--io` flag that will generate a given number of workers to spin on the
[sync() syscall](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man2/sync.2.html). In this
way, we will generate disk I/O's that we will analyse using the biolatency
gadget.

Firstly, let's use the biolatency gadget to see the I/O's latency in our
testing node with its normal load work:

```bash
# Start the gadget on the worker-node node
$ kubectl gadget biolatency start --node worker-node
4b5501BrEjiw2GxG

> # Wait for around 3 minutes

Author: Not necessary, I just wanted to increase the samples and reduce the possibility of having outliers.

> # Wait for around 3 minutes

Reviewer: Can we reduce it? IMO it'll be very annoying to have to wait for 3 minutes twice while doing this PR. Perhaps 1 minute is enough and we can put a comment indicating a longer wait would produce more stable results?

> # Wait for around 3 minutes

Author: Done.

        32 -> 63         : 17       |*                                       |
        64 -> 127        : 261      |*******************                     |
       128 -> 255        : 546      |****************************************|
       256 -> 511        : 426      |*******************************         |
       512 -> 1023       : 227      |****************                        |
      1024 -> 2047       : 18       |*                                       |
      2048 -> 4095       : 8        |                                        |
      4096 -> 8191       : 23       |*                                       |
      8192 -> 16383      : 15       |*                                       |
     16384 -> 32767      : 2        |                                        |
     32768 -> 65535      : 1        |                                        |
```

This output shows that the bulk of the I/O's was between 64 and 1023 us, and
that there was 1544 I/O's during the time the gadget was running.

Now, let's increase the I/O's using the stress tool:

```bash
# Start by creating our testing namespace
$ kubectl create ns test-biolatency

> # Run stress with 1 workers that will workers that will generate I/O's

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Run stress with 1 worker that will generate I/Os
```

       128 -> 255        : 194881   |*************************               |
       256 -> 511        : 96520    |************                            |
       512 -> 1023       : 33756    |****                                    |
      1024 -> 2047       : 4414     |                                        |
      2048 -> 4095       : 1007     |                                        |
      4096 -> 8191       : 1025     |                                        |
      8192 -> 16383      : 176      |                                        |
     16384 -> 32767      : 13       |                                        |
     32768 -> 65535      : 7        |                                        |
     65536 -> 131071     : 0        |                                        |
    131072 -> 262143     : 0        |                                        |
    262144 -> 524287     : 1        |                                        |
    524288 -> 1048575    : 0        |                                        |
   1048576 -> 2097151    : 1        |                                        |

# Remove load
$ kubectl delete pod/stress-io -n test-biolatency
```

> The new histogram shows how the number of I/O's increased significantly,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The new histogram shows how the number of I/Os increased significantly,
```

         4 -> 7          : 0        |                                        |
         8 -> 15         : 0        |                                        |
        16 -> 31         : 0        |                                        |
        32 -> 63         : 17       |*                                       |
        64 -> 127        : 261      |*******************                     |
       128 -> 255        : 546      |****************************************|
       256 -> 511        : 426      |*******************************         |
       512 -> 1023       : 227      |****************                        |
      1024 -> 2047       : 18       |*                                       |
      2048 -> 4095       : 8        |                                        |
      4096 -> 8191       : 23       |*                                       |
      8192 -> 16383      : 15       |*                                       |
     16384 -> 32767      : 2        |                                        |
     32768 -> 65535      : 1        |                                        |
```

This output shows that the bulk of the I/O was between 64 and 1023 us, and

> that there were 1544 I/O operations during the time the gadget was running.

Reviewer: did you sum it up by hand? :thinking:

Author: Unfortunately yes, that's something the tool provides using the option `-e`, see [here](https://github.com/iovisor/bcc/blob/67f59ee80fcf5deedaacba1436d9fa09d32a16a0/tools/biolatency_example.txt#L296-L314) but we don't have the possibility of using flags yet. 

I think we should definitely extend the trace CR to allow sending flags to the gadgets. It would be useful also other gadgets as well, for instance, to show only UDP or TCP sockets with the `socket-collector` gadget.

       256 -> 511        : 96520    |************                            |
       512 -> 1023       : 33756    |****                                    |
      1024 -> 2047       : 4414     |                                        |
      2048 -> 4095       : 1007     |                                        |
      4096 -> 8191       : 1025     |                                        |
      8192 -> 16383      : 176      |                                        |
     16384 -> 32767      : 13       |                                        |
     32768 -> 65535      : 7        |                                        |
     65536 -> 131071     : 0        |                                        |
    131072 -> 262143     : 0        |                                        |
    262144 -> 524287     : 1        |                                        |
    524288 -> 1048575    : 0        |                                        |
   1048576 -> 2097151    : 1        |                                        |

# Remove load
$ kubectl delete pod/stress-io -n test-biolatency
```

The new histogram shows how the number of I/O operations increased

> significantly, passing from 1544 (Normal load) to 936438 (Stressing the I/O).

Reviewer: The ones inside the parentheses should be lowercase IIUC from http://englishplus.com/grammar/00000123.htm.
